

Why Public speaking is a mandatory skill

The reason is every individual would have faced a situation where they could have
felt that public speaking is a mandatory skill to develop. You can use 
public speaking skills to communicate with the people you work, with or your 
boss and even bigger audiences.Your ability to convey the message to 
the audience confidently with perfect context helps you to achieve greater 
success in your career

We will discuss how public speaking skills impacts one's life and career.

Build confidence

Once you overcome the fear and insecurities within, you would feel more confident.
Public speaking with confidence helps you to influence people's decisions and 
bring changes in people's lives in a better way.

You will witness more success once you deliver speeches and create a positive impact 
on you at workplaces or school.

Once your confidence level is increased you can start addressing little crowds to 
a huge crowd. It also helps you to enlarge your social circle.

Become Active Listener

To become best at public speaking, you should be an active listener. Being an 
active listener helps you to improve your communication skills and thinking skills.
If you are a good listener, people with whom you communicate will feel heard which often 
reduces miscommunication and improve overall understanding.


Become Leader

Good Public speakers are often seen as leaders in their field. With public speaking 
skills, you can become a leader by enriching your knowledge and expertise 
in your field. The process of becoming a great leader and being the best in your field is 
time-consuming. By following the constant routine of improving 
both public speaking and leadership skills one can achieve great success in life.

Improve vocabulary 

You should always learn new information and improve your vocabulary
by reading books. If you are more comfortable with vocabulary, 
you can deliver speeches with effective words. 

Ways to improve your public speaking skills

1) Attend public speaking workshops 

2) Practice speaking in front of the mirror

3) Practice speaking in front of friends or colleagues to get feedback on work

on improving

4)Record yourself giving the speech and listen to it and give your feedback.

5) Watch the public speech of the person you inspire.

