Why do you need to be healthy both mentally and Physically
In this current generation, the importance given to mental health is comparably less than Physical health.
We often think success leads to happiness and gives mental peace. But the research shows when you keep yourself happy and motivated success will be always with you.  
When you are happy you can,
Work better
Live Healthy
Spread Love
Be more successful
Achieve goal easier
Do you now think how to be happy ha-ha .. that’s great. You are almost going to be happy!
Happiness all starts with the mindset. We all believe that our current financial situation and health situation makes us feel worried and sad. That’s not always true.
Research says,current situation influences our happiness very less than we think. Thats great to know..Then why it’s so difficult for us to be happy?
We often focus more on the things which make us feel sad and worried. Instead, try to spend some time on activities that make you feel happy. It can be anything playing with your kid, listening to music,Going for a walk, Reading books,  singing loud, and  lot more things which makes you feel happy.
By following below few habits in your daily life will help you to be happy,
Smile.
Try to smile . Even if you feel there is no situation for you to smile in a day. Pretend to smile, just by seeing a small things in nature or by looking at your family member or by watching comedy shows.
Practice to smile in a day.  
Exercise.. Thats going to be easy..Try to exercise regularly.Start with 15 mins per day and gradually increase the time to excercise. Its really important to be healthy by both physically and mentally. 
Sleep well - Manage to get atleast 6-7 hours sleep per day..
Eat healthy diet - Eat your favorite food which definetly need to be a healthy one..
Be grateful - Always be grateful for what you have.
Always compliment yourself . Look yourself at the mirror and smile and say that you love yourself more..
Always remember happiness is a choice. Chose to be Happy and achieve great heights in life.You can't give others which you don't have with you..So be happy and spread happiness around you..
Once you practice to be happy and stay motivated you can achieve your goal and taste the real success in life